[16173] Tutorial - Vulcanexus - Fast DDS intercommunication (#102)
eProsima/vulcanexus: docs/rst/tutorials/core/deployment/dds2vulcanexus/dds2vulcanexus_topic.rst

.. literalinclude:: /resources/tutorials/core/deployment/dds2vulcanexus/topic/fastdds_app/subscriber.cpp
    :language: c++

There are several things to unpack in this application:

1. ``HelloWorldSubscriber`` holds both a reference to the type support, to create the topic, and a ``HelloWorld`` sample instance for reusing it upon reception.

    .. literalinclude:: /resources/tutorials/core/deployment/dds2vulcanexus/topic/fastdds_app/subscriber.cpp
        :language: c++
        :lines: 115-116
        :dedent: 4

    1. The type support is instantiated upon construction:

        .. literalinclude:: /resources/tutorials/core/deployment/dds2vulcanexus/topic/fastdds_app/subscriber.cpp
            :language: c++
            :lines: 37-42
            :dedent: 4

    2. Then, it is registered in the ``DomainParticipant`` for further use:

        .. literalinclude:: /resources/tutorials/core/deployment/dds2vulcanexus/topic/fastdds_app/subscriber.cpp
            :language: c++
            :lines: 72
            :dedent: 8

2. The topic is created with name ``rt/HelloWorld``.
   Mind that this topic name is different from the one set in the Vulcanexus publisher (``HelloWorld``).

>    This is because Vulcanexus appends ``rt/`` to the topic name passed when creating a ``Publisher`` or ``Subscription``, where ``rt`` stands for *ROS Topic*, as services and actions have different prefixes.

Reviewer: Adding a link to https://design.ros2.org/articles/topic_and_service_names.html may be helpful.

>    Another important detail is the type name, which in this example is extracted from the type support directly, as the type as generated with ROS 2 naming compatibility (see :ref:`dds2vulcanexus_topic_fastdds_generation`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Another important detail is the type name, which in this example is extracted from the type support directly, as the type is generated with ROS 2 naming compatibility (see :ref:`dds2vulcanexus_topic_fastdds_generation`).
```

       .. literalinclude:: /resources/tutorials/core/deployment/dds2vulcanexus/topic/fastdds_app/subscriber.cpp
            :language: c++
            :lines: 74-79
            :dedent: 8

3. A ``DataReader`` is created in the topic, setting the very ``HelloWorldSubscriber`` as listener, since it inherits from ``DataReaderListener``, overriding the ``on_data_available`` callback:

    .. literalinclude:: /resources/tutorials/core/deployment/dds2vulcanexus/topic/fastdds_app/subscriber.cpp
        :language: c++
        :lines: 81-91
        :dedent: 8

4. Finally, when a new sample arrives, Fast DDS calls the implementation of ``on_data_available``, which print the data to the ``STDOUT``:

    .. literalinclude:: /resources/tutorials/core/deployment/dds2vulcanexus/topic/fastdds_app/subscriber.cpp
        :language: c++
        :lines: 96-107
        :dedent: 4

.. _dds2vulcanexus_topic_run:

Run the demo
------------

> Once the Docker image is built, running the demo simple require two terminals.

Reviewer: Not really sure what is meant here...

```suggestion
Once the Docker image is built, running the demo simply requires two terminals.
```
```suggestion
Once the Docker image is built, running the demo sample requires two terminals.
```
